Muster B AG
Beispielstrasse 1
0000 Musterort

Zug, 13th January 2025 RA/CK

Offer for a successful partnership

Dear B. Beispiel

We refer to our Video Call, dated 06th January 2025 and we are pleased to provide you with the following offer for our professional services.

You informed us, that you are looking for an accountant and tax consultant for your company in Switzerland. Your Swiss company will provide services to related parties and third parties.

To avoid misunderstandings, we specify our services:

Accounting and VAT

We will keep the accounts on our internal bookkeeping system TOPAL and we are able to prepare the account in any currency (CHF, USD, EUR). We very much appreciate if we receive the booking information (receipts, contracts etc.) complete and sorted. This helps us to complete the accounting in an efficient way. In order to submit the Swiss VAT returns in time we keep the accounts on a quarterly basis. Our offer bases in the ordinary Swiss accounting rules, not special account law (like IFRS).

Integration of Topal data in Sage is not so easy to accomplish. Although there is an interface, it does not seem to work optimally. However, we could set up the chart of accounts identically to your chart of accounts so that an Excel can be created at the end of the quarter, which can be easily entered for consolidation purposes.

TOPAL offers the possibility of a secured access (cloud accounting). In this regard, you will receive an access to your accounting file on our server. Therefore, you can download reports at any time and in any place in the world.

Furthermore, we will prepare the Swiss VAT returns quarterly as well as the annual VAT revenue analyses.

Salary administration / Payroll

We will prepare the monthly payroll slips and we will assist the company in all application and discharge procedure at the social security, other mandatory insurances and pension funds. We will prepare the quarterly tax at source returns as well as the annual declarations to the social security, other mandatory insurances and pension funds.

Of course, we will assist you, if needed, to arrange the mandatory insurances (social security, pension fund, accident insurance) or additional insurances (illness insurance).

Our offer does not include special clarification work regarding working permits or prepare possible rulings with the social security authority.

Company taxes

Every company has to fill in the annual tax return to the Cantonal tax authority. We will prepare the tax return as well as check the invoices and tax assessments.

Our offer does not include answer questions from the tax authority, if they will have questions to the tax return or will ask for further documents.

Furthermore, our offer does not include special consultancy work to get a tax ruling.

Fee

Our fees are based on the effective time spent by our staff at hourly rates reflecting their degree of responsibility, experience and professional qualification. The applicable hourly rates are as follow:

CHF 210/h Swiss Certified Fiduciary (Advanced Federal Diploma of Higher Education)
CHF 140/h Swiss Certified Specialist for Finance and Accounting
CHF 100/h Accounting Assistant

As your contact person and responsible for the proper care of the accounting will be Mr Q. Muster. The financial statement and tax consultancy is carried out by Mr P. Muster and gives you the best commercial- and tax law advantages.

The following offer was calculated based on the information you provided us and based on our experience. We estimate the costs as follows:

Initial costs

Set-up authorised signatory: CHF 0.0
Set-up domicile address: CHF 0.0
Set-up accounting: CHF 1'300
Set-up vat incl. registration at the Federal tax return: CHF 420
Set-up salary administration: CHF 850
Set-up employees (fee per employee): CHF 170
Assist to arrange the insurances (only if needed) (Get in contact with insurer to arrange pension fund, accident and illness insurances): CHF 850 - 1'700

Annual costs

Authorised signatory: CHF 0.0
Domicile address: CHF 0.0

Accounting services (Basis on a volume of around 100 transactions per year. Please note we need vouchers for every transaction, bank vouchers and corresponding invoices, revenue and expenses, incl. prepare the year end work as well as the financial statements): CHF 1'700 - 2'100

Salary administration (fee per employee/year) (Prepare the monthly payroll incl. bonus, administration with social security, accident insurance, pension fund, quarterly tax at source declarations): CHF 1'000

Prepare the VAT declarations: CHF 850

Gain taxes (Prepare the annual tax return, check the tax invoices and tax assessments): CHF 850

Other charges, postage and third party expenses as well as the VAT are additionally to the above named fees.

We are convinced that we are the right partner for you and that we will be able to support you in a beneficial way in order for you to profit for your business. We trust that this offer meets your expectations and requirements.

Sincerely yours
MUSTER TREUHAND AG

P. Muster, Swiss Certified Fiduciary
Q. Muster, Swiss Certified Fiduciary
