18th December 2025 RA

Offer for a successful partnership

Dear J. Beispiel

We refer to our Zoom call meeting, dated 18th December 2025 and we are pleased to provide you with the following offer for our professional services.

You informed us that a new Swiss company is to be established for future European investments of a Chinese group company providing services in the dental business.

To avoid misunderstandings, we specify our services:

Accounting

We will keep the accounts on our internal bookkeeping system TOPAL and we are able to prepare the account in any currency (CHF, USD, EUR). We very much appreciate if we receive the booking information (receipts, contracts etc.) complete and sorted. This helps us to complete the accounting in an efficient way.

TOPAL offers the possibility of a secured access (cloud accounting). In this regard, you will receive an access to your accounting file on our server. Therefore, you can download reports at any time and in any place in the world.

Company taxes

Every company has to fill in the annual tax return to the Cantonal tax authority. We will prepare the tax return as well as check the invoices and tax assessments.

Our offer does not include answer questions from the tax authority, if they will have questions to the tax return or will ask for further documents.

Furthermore, our offer does not include special consultancy work to get a tax ruling.

Fee

Our fees are based on the effective time spent by our staff at hourly rates reflecting their degree of responsibility, experience and professional qualification. The applicable hourly rates are as follow:

CHF 200-220/h Swiss Certified Fiduciary (Advanced Federal Diploma of Higher Education)
CHF 140-150/h Swiss Certified Specialist for Finance and Accounting
CHF 85.0-100/h Accounting Assistant

Mr P. Muster will act as your primary contact person and will be responsible for the proper maintenance of the accounting. The preparation of the financial statements and the provision of tax advisory services will also be carried out by Mr P. Muster, ensuring the best possible commercial and tax law outcomes for you.

The following offer was calculated based on the information you provided us and based on our experience. We estimate the costs as follows:

Initial costs

Company establishment (included are our consulting work, the fee of the notary public and the costs of register of commerce): CHF 2'100
Set-up accounting: CHF 210
Set-up VAT incl. registration at the Federal tax return: CHF 420
Set-up salary administration, Insurance etc. (only if needed): not applicable
Set-up employees (fee per employee) (only if needed): not applicable

Annual costs

Board of Director / Authorised signatory (flat rate): CHF 4'250
Domicile address (flat rate): CHF 1'700

Accounting services (Basis on a volume of around 20 transactions per year. Please note we need vouchers for every transaction, bank vouchers and corresponding invoices, revenue and expenses, incl. prepare the year end work as well as the financial statements): CHF 420 - 850

VAT clarification (only if needed): not applicable
Salary administration (fee per employee/year) (only if needed): not applicable
Assist to arrange the insurances (only if needed): not applicable

Prepare the VAT declarations: CHF 420

Gain taxes (Prepare the annual tax return, check the tax invoices and tax assessments): CHF 420

Other charges, postage and third party expenses as well as the VAT are additionally to the above named fees.

We are convinced that we are the right partner for you and that we will be able to support you in a beneficial way in order for you to profit for your business.

Sincerely yours
MUSTER TREUHAND AG

P. Muster, Swiss Certified Fiduciary
