Muster L Capital
S. Beispiel
kontakt@beispiel.ch

Zug, 7th July 2025 RA/RS

Offer for a successful partnership

Dear S. Beispiel

We refer to our pleasant and constructive introduction meeting on 4th July 2025 and thank you for your interest in our services. We are pleased to provide you with the following offer for our professional services.

As discussed, your client is planning to carry out a tax-neutral split of the existing holding company in November 2025. The current holding will continue to hold the participation in the operating company, while a newly established Holding No. 2 will assume ownership of the investments in the start-up companies.

In this context, we have been asked to provide support in the following areas:

- Ongoing bookkeeping
- Preparation of an interim financial statement in view of the planned corporate restructuring
- VAT registration and preparation of VAT returns, particularly in relation to the liability for input tax due to the import of services from abroad

We are pleased to submit the following proposal for the requested services.

To avoid misunderstandings, we specify our services:

Accounting and VAT

We will keep the accounts on our internal bookkeeping system TOPAL and we are able to prepare the account in any currency (CHF, USD, EUR). We very much appreciate if we receive the booking information (receipts, contracts etc.) complete and sorted. This helps us to complete the accounting in an efficient way. In order to submit the Swiss VAT returns in time we keep the accounts on a quarterly basis. Our offer bases in the ordinary Swiss accounting rules, not special account law (like IFRS).

TOPAL offers the possibility of a secured access (cloud accounting). In this regard, you will receive an access to your accounting file on our server. Therefore, you can download reports at any time and in any place in the world.

Furthermore, we will prepare the Swiss VAT returns quarterly as well as the annual VAT revenue analyses.

Salary administration / Payroll

We understand that the holding company currently does not employ any staff. Nevertheless, should employees be hired in the future, we would be pleased to support the company with payroll services. Our services would include the preparation of monthly payroll slips and assistance with all registration and deregistration procedures with social security authorities, mandatory insurances, and pension funds. We would also prepare the quarterly withholding tax returns as well as the annual declarations to social security, other mandatory insurances, and pension funds.

Furthermore, if needed, we can assist with arranging mandatory insurances (social security, pension fund, accident insurance) and additional insurances (e.g. daily sickness benefits insurance).

Please note that our offer does not include special advisory services regarding work permits or the preparation of rulings with the social security authorities.

Company taxes

Every company has to fill in the annual tax return to the Cantonal tax authority. We will prepare the tax return as well as check the invoices and tax assessments.

Our offer does not include answer questions from the tax authority, if they will have questions to the tax return or will ask for further documents.

Furthermore, our offer does not include special consultancy work to get a tax ruling.

Fee

Our fees are based on the effective time spent by our staff at hourly rates reflecting their degree of responsibility, experience and professional qualification. The applicable hourly rates are as follow:

CHF 210/h Swiss Certified Fiduciary (Advanced Federal Diploma of Higher Education)
CHF 140/h Swiss Certified Specialist for Finance and Accounting
CHF 100/h Accounting Assistant

As your contact person and responsible for the proper care of the accounting will be Mr Q. Muster. The financial statement and tax consultancy is carried out by Mr P. Muster and gives you the best commercial- and tax law advantages.

The following offer was calculated based on the information you provided us and based on our experience. We estimate the costs as follows:

Initial costs

Set-up authorised signatory: CHF 0.0
Set-up domicile address: CHF 0.0
Set-up accounting: CHF 1'300
Set-up vat incl. registration at the Federal tax return: CHF 420
Set-up salary administration (only if needed): CHF 850
Set-up employees (fee per employee) (only if needed): CHF 170
Assist to arrange the insurances (only if needed) (Get in contact with insurer to arrange pension fund, accident and illness insurances): CHF 850 - 1'700
Preparation of an interim financial statement in 2025 for the purpose of the demerger: CHF 1'700

Annual costs

Authorised signatory: CHF 0.0
Domicile address: CHF 0.0

Accounting services (Basis on a volume of around 150 transactions per year including the stock exchange trading. Please note we need vouchers for every transaction, bank vouchers and corresponding invoices, revenue and expenses, incl. prepare the year end work as well as the financial statements): CHF 2'550 - 3'000

Salary administration (fee per employee/year) (only if needed) (Prepare the monthly payroll incl. bonus, administration with social security, accident insurance, pension fund, quarterly tax at source declarations): CHF 1'000

Prepare the VAT declarations: CHF 850

Gain taxes (Prepare the annual tax return, check the tax invoices and tax assessments): CHF 850

Other charges, postage and third party expenses as well as the VAT are additionally to the above named fees.

Additional Tax Services (upon request)

We would also be pleased to assist with the following additional services upon request:

- Filing of applications for the refund of foreign withholding taxes
- Support in the preparation and coordination of tax rulings with the competent tax authorities

Please note that due to the nature and potential complexity of these matters, we are currently unable to provide an estimated fee for these services. Any work in these areas would be charged based on actual time spent, and we would be pleased to provide a more precise estimate once the scope is clearer.

Regarding the OECD Global Minimum Tax (Pillar Two), we would like to inform you that we have not yet had practical cases in this area. However, we have access to a reliable network of experienced specialists whom we can involve to ensure that all regulatory and compliance requirements are met appropriately.

We are convinced that we are the right partner for you and that we will be able to support you in a beneficial way in order for you to profit for your business.

Sincerely yours
MUSTER TREUHAND AG
