M. Beispiel
kontakt@beispiel.ch

Zug, 7th July 2025 RA/RS

Offer for a successful partnership

Dear M. Beispiel

We refer to our pleasant introduction call earlier today and thank you for your interest in our services. We are pleased to provide you with the following offer for our professional services.

As discussed, you are interested to setup a company in Switzerland. The purpose of the company will be to consult persons and companies in relation with Dubai.

To avoid misunderstandings, we specify our services:

Company establishment

To establish a company is a legal act which only a public notary can do. We can help to provide the necessary information and documents.

Authorised signatory

We can take over the mandate as authorised signatory in your company, or we act as local director/board member with registered signatory power. The acceptance of such mandate is subject to an extensive compliance test in connection with the Swiss legal regulations of the anti money laundering law.

According to our extensive mandate agreement, we will define the mutual rights and duties and we ensure that your mandate will be handled according to your input and instructions. We make sure that your requirements and needs will be fulfilled in line with the legal regulations.

With our extensive and long lasting experience of board memberships, we ensure efficient and highly qualified services.

Domicile address

Our sister company is offering domicile addresses, either official address (without c/o) or simple domicilation. The address of your company would be Muster G AG, Beispielstrasse 1, 6300 Zug (with or without c/o Muster H AG).

With an official address and according to your specific requirements and instructions, we install your own telephone line and answer and forward the incoming calls during the normal business hours. Our administration team ensures the receipt of the incoming mail and forwards it once per week (or according to your instructions) to your defined address. Registered mailings will be forwarded the same day. Depending on your requirements, it is also possible to open the incoming mail, scan it and send it to you as PDF.

Accounting and VAT

We will keep the accounts on our internal bookkeeping system TOPAL and we are able to prepare the account in any currency (CHF, USD, EUR). We very much appreciate if we receive the booking information (receipts, contracts etc.) complete and sorted. This helps us to complete the accounting in an efficient way. In order to submit the Swiss VAT returns in time we keep the accounts on a quarterly basis. Our offer bases in the ordinary Swiss accounting rules, not special account law (like IFRS).

TOPAL offers the possibility of a secured access (cloud accounting). In this regard, you will receive an access to your accounting file on our server. Therefore, you can download reports at any time and in any place in the world.

Furthermore, we will prepare the Swiss VAT returns quarterly as well as the annual VAT revenue analyses.

If necessary, we will assist the company during the audit process. This means prepare the documents, give explanations and answer questions to the auditors.

Salary administration / Payroll

We understand that the holding company currently does not employ any staff. Nevertheless, should employees be hired in the future, we would be pleased to support the company with payroll services. Our services would include the preparation of monthly payroll slips and assistance with all registration and deregistration procedures with social security authorities, mandatory insurances, and pension funds. We would also prepare the quarterly withholding tax returns as well as the annual declarations to social security, other mandatory insurances, and pension funds.

Furthermore, if needed, we can assist with arranging mandatory insurances (social security, pension fund, accident insurance) and additional insurances (e.g. daily sickness benefits insurance).

Please note that our offer does not include special advisory services regarding work permits or the preparation of rulings with the social security authorities.

Company taxes

Every company has to fill in the annual tax return to the Cantonal tax authority. We will prepare the tax return as well as check the invoices and tax assessments.

Our offer does not include answer questions from the tax authority, if they will have questions to the tax return or will ask for further documents.

Furthermore, our offer does not include special consultancy work to get a tax ruling.

Fee

Our fees are based on the effective time spent by our staff at hourly rates reflecting their degree of responsibility, experience and professional qualification. The applicable hourly rates are as follow:

CHF 210/h Swiss Certified Fiduciary (Advanced Federal Diploma of Higher Education)
CHF 140/h Swiss Certified Specialist for Finance and Accounting
CHF 100/h Accounting Assistant

As your contact person and responsible for the proper care of the accounting, the financial statement and tax consultancy will be Mr Q. Muster.

The following offer was calculated based on the information you provided us and based on our experience. We estimate the costs as follows:

Initial costs

Company establishment (only if needed) (included are our consulting work, the fee of the notary public and the costs of register of commerce): CHF 1'700 - 2'100
Set-up authorised signatory: CHF 0.0
Set-up domicile address: CHF 0.0
Set-up accounting: CHF 850
Set-up vat incl. registration at the Federal tax return: CHF 420
Set-up salary administration (only if needed): CHF 850
Set-up employees (fee per employee) (only if needed): CHF 170
Assist to arrange the insurances (only if needed) (Get in contact with insurer to arrange pension fund, accident and illness insurances): CHF 680 - 1'300

Annual costs

Authorised signatory (only if needed): CHF 4'250
Domicile address (with c/o) (only if needed): CHF 1'300
Domicile address (without c/o) (only if needed): CHF 3'400

Accounting services (Basis on a volume of around 250 transactions per year including the stock exchange trading. Please note we need vouchers for every transaction, bank vouchers and corresponding invoices, revenue and expenses, incl. prepare the year end work as well as the financial statements): CHF 3'400 - 3'800

Salary administration (fee per employee/year) (only if needed) (Prepare the monthly payroll incl. bonus, administration with social security, accident insurance, pension fund, quarterly tax at source declarations): CHF 850

Prepare the VAT declarations: CHF 850

Gain taxes (Prepare the annual tax return, check the tax invoices and tax assessments): CHF 850

Other charges, postage and third party expenses as well as the VAT are additionally to the above named fees.

We are convinced that we are the right partner for you and that we will be able to support you in a beneficial way in order for you to profit for your business.

Sincerely yours
MUSTER TREUHAND AG

P. Muster, Swiss Certified Fiduciary
Q. Muster, Swiss Certified Fiduciary
