Muster J Association
Beispielstrasse 1
0000 Musterort

Zug, 11th April 2025 RA/CK

Offer for a successful partnership

Dear O. Beispiel

We refer to our Video Call, dated 11th April 2025 and we are pleased to provide you with the following offer for our professional services.

You informed us, that you are looking for an accountant and tax consultant which will do the Swiss finish of the accounts which are prepared by a third party. The VAT reports must also be provided and reported. Further you are looking for someone who will do the payroll services.

To avoid misunderstandings, we specify our services:

Accounting and VAT

The accounting will be provided by a third party. We will prepare the Financial Statement and will do a review on the accounts.

Furthermore, we will prepare the Swiss VAT returns quarterly as well as the annual VAT revenue analyses.

Salary administration / Payroll

We will prepare the monthly payroll slips and we will assist the company in all application and discharge procedure at the social security, other mandatory insurances and pension funds. We will prepare the quarterly tax at source returns as well as the annual declarations to the social security, other mandatory insurances and pension funds.

Of course, we will assist you, if needed, to arrange the mandatory insurances (social security, pension fund, accident insurance) or additional insurances (illness insurance).

Our offer does not include special clarification work regarding working permits or prepare possible rulings with the social security authority.

Company taxes

Every company has to fill in the annual tax return to the Cantonal tax authority. We will prepare the tax return as well as check the invoices and tax assessments.

Our offer does not include answer questions from the tax authority, if they will have questions to the tax return or will ask for further documents.

Furthermore, our offer does not include special consultancy work to get a tax ruling.

Fee

Our fees are based on the effective time spent by our staff at hourly rates reflecting their degree of responsibility, experience and professional qualification. The applicable hourly rates are as follow:

CHF 210/h Swiss Certified Fiduciary (Advanced Federal Diploma of Higher Education)
CHF 140/h Swiss Certified Specialist for Finance and Accounting
CHF 100/h Accounting Assistant

As your contact person and responsible for the proper care of the accounting will be Mr R. Muster. The financial statement and tax consultancy is carried out by Mr P. Muster and gives you the best commercial- and tax law advantages.

The following offer was calculated based on the information you provided us and based on our experience. We estimate the costs as follows:

Initial costs

Set-up authorised signatory: CHF 0.0
Set-up domicile address: CHF 0.0
Set-up accounting: CHF 0.0
Set-up vat incl. registration at the Federal tax return: CHF 0.0
Set-up salary administration: CHF 1'700
Set-up employees (fee per employee): CHF 340
Assist to arrange the insurances (only if needed) (Get in contact with insurer to arrange pension fund, accident and illness insurances): CHF 1'700

Annual costs

Authorised signatory: CHF 0.0
Domicile address: CHF 0.0

Accounting services in regards of the Swiss finish, incl. prepare the year end work as well as the financial statements: CHF 5'100 - 5'950

Salary administration (fee per employee/year) (only if needed) (Prepare the monthly payroll incl. bonus, administration with social security, accident insurance, pension fund, quarterly tax at source declarations): CHF 1'000

Prepare the VAT declarations: CHF 2'550

Gain taxes (Prepare the annual tax return, check the tax invoices and tax assessments): CHF 1'300

Other charges, postage and third party expenses as well as the VAT are additionally to the above named fees.

We are convinced that we are the right partner for you and that we will be able to support you in a beneficial way in order for you to profit for your business.

Sincerely yours
MUSTER TREUHAND AG
