Muster E Foundation (in foundation)
F. Beispiel

Zug, 15th January 2025 CK/RS

Offer for a successful partnership

Dear F. Beispiel

We refer to our Zoom call meeting, dated 14th January 2025 and we are pleased to provide you with the following offer for our professional services.

You informed us, that you are in processing of founding a foundation in Zug with the support of [entfernt] from [entfernt]. For the new company you are looking for

- an auditing company to audit the formation of the contribution in kind by means of crypto (USDT) so called special incorporation audit
- an audit company which will do the mandatory annual audit of the financial statements, so called limited audit based to the Swiss code of obligation
- a company which supports you in accounting, tax consulting and salary administration

Please note, that due to the required independence, either the annual audit of the financial statements or the accounting can be carried out by us.

To avoid misunderstandings, we specify our services:

Audit the formation of the contribution in kind

We can check the contribution in kind. To do this, we must prepare our working papers in accordance with auditing standards and obtain audit assurance that the assets to be contributed are of value and actually owned.

Audit of the annual financial statements

Thanks to our many years of experience and based on our modern audit methodology which adopts the latest national standards of auditing, we can assure that the financial statements comply with the legal requirements and the articles of incorporation.

Our audit methodology guarantees a risk-oriented and efficient audit. Therefore, we are capable to carry out the audit on time and on budget but professionally and in line with the relevant audit regulations.

Muster is registered as a licensed audit expert in the register of the Federal Audit Oversight Board (Swiss PCAOB) and therefore meets all the relevant requirements (independency, professional ethics, education etc.).

Our simple structures allow us to clarify urgent questions immediately to make quick and effective decisions.

Accounting and VAT

We will keep the accounts on our internal bookkeeping system TOPAL and we are able to prepare the account in any currency (CHF, USD, EUR). We very much appreciate if we receive the booking information (receipts, contracts etc.) complete and sorted. This helps us to complete the accounting in an efficient way. In order to submit the Swiss VAT returns in time we keep the accounts on a quarterly basis. Our offer bases in the ordinary Swiss accounting rules, not special account law (like IFRS).

TOPAL offers the possibility of a secured access (cloud accounting). In this regard, you will receive an access to your accounting file on our server. Therefore, you can download reports at any time and in any place in the world.

Furthermore, we will prepare the Swiss VAT returns quarterly as well as the annual VAT revenue analyses.

Our offer does not include special clarification work regarding VAT clarification, for example, a ruling with the Federal tax.

Salary administration / Payroll

We will prepare the monthly payroll slips and we will assist the company in all application and discharge procedure at the social security, other mandatory insurances and pension funds. We will prepare the quarterly tax at source returns as well as the annual declarations to the social security, other mandatory insurances and pension funds.

Of course, we will assist you, if needed, to arrange the mandatory insurances (social security, pension fund, accident insurance) or additional insurances (illness insurance).

Our offer does not include special clarification work regarding working permits or prepare possible rulings with the social security authority.

Company taxes

Every company has to fill in the annual tax return to the Cantonal tax authority. We will prepare the tax return as well as check the invoices and tax assessments.

Our offer does not include answer questions from the tax authority, if they will have questions to the tax return or will ask for further documents.

Furthermore, our offer does not include special consultancy work to get a tax ruling.

Fee

Our fees are based on the effective time spent by our staff at hourly rates reflecting their degree of responsibility, experience and professional qualification. The applicable hourly rates are as follow:

CHF 210-220/h Swiss Certified Fiduciary (Advanced Federal Diploma of Higher Education)
CHF 140-150/h Swiss Certified Specialist for Finance and Accounting
CHF 100/h Accounting Assistant

As your contact person and responsible for the proper care of the audit or accounting will be Mr R. Muster. The financial statement and tax consultancy is carried out by Mr P. Muster and gives you the best commercial- and tax law advantages.

The following offer was calculated based on the information you provided us and based on our experience. We estimate the costs as follows:

Audit

Audit the formation of the contribution in kind: CHF 1'550 - 2'100

Annual limited audit of the financial statements (Audit of the financial statements according to the Swiss regulations on the limited statutory audit, prepare the mandatory reporting to the federal supervisory authority for foundations): CHF 3'800 - 4'700

Accounting, initial costs

Set-up accounting: CHF 640 - 850
Set-up VAT incl. registration (only if needed): CHF 420
Set-up salary administration (only if needed): CHF 640
Set-up employees (fee per employee) (only if needed): CHF 170

Annual costs

Accounting services (Basis on a volume of around 200 transactions per year. Please note we need vouchers for every transaction, bank vouchers and corresponding invoices, revenue and expenses, incl. prepare the year end work as well as the financial statements): CHF 3'400 - 3'800

Salary administration (fee per employee/year) (only if needed) (Prepare the monthly payroll incl. bonus, administration with social security, accident insurance, pension fund, quarterly tax at source declarations): CHF 760

Assist to arrange the insurances (only if needed) (Get in contact with insurer to arrange pension fund, accident and illness insurances): CHF 420 - 640

Prepare the VAT declarations: CHF 850

Gain taxes (Prepare the annual tax return, check the tax invoices and tax assessments): CHF 850

Other charges, postage and third party expenses as well as the VAT are additionally to the above named fees.

We are convinced that we are the right partner for you and that we will be able to support you in a beneficial way in order for you to profit for your business.

Sincerely yours
MUSTER TREUHAND AG

R. Muster, Swiss Certified Fiduciary
Q. Muster, Swiss Certified Fiduciary
